♪ Men. ♪
Ready, sweetheart?
Almost.
Okay.
Oh, boy, oh, boy,
oh, boy, oh, boy.
Oh, dinner's sitting
a little heavy.
Well, maybe I can help you
work it off.
Yeah, about that--
honey, would you mind terribly
if we just go to sleep?
I'm so full and bloated
from that dinner,
it'd be like sticking
a pin in a balloon.
Can we not call it a pin?
I'm sorry.
I just don't think
I'd enjoy sex tonight.
Since when is that
a requirement?
But seriously, it's fine.
It's no problem.
Thank you.
Ugh.
Well, actually, it is a
little bit of problem.
What's that?
Well, uh, based
on past history--
um, expensive dinner,
drinks, valet parking--
um, I thought
we would probably
be fooling around tonight.
Uh, and-and-and with that
in mind,
uh, about 20 minutes ago,
I popped a little blue pill
to ensure that, uh,
when you were ready, so was I.
Of course, uh, now I'm ready
and you're not,
a situation they didn't really
cover in those commercials.
Oh, Alan.
No, that's okay. It's okay.
It's just kind of a shame
to waste them.
I mean, they-they are
kind of pricey,
even if they're expired ones
from Mexico.
If I give you $20,
will you let me go to sleep?
Oh, don't be silly.
I don't want your money.
But there are...
other ways you
could reimburse me
that wouldn't require a lot
of effort on your part.
Should've taken the 20 bucks.
Oh, hey.
Oh, hey, Alan.
Want some whiskey?
I thought you
didn't like to drink.
I don't.
I'm trying to learn.
I'm getting better.
Is this about
your ex-wife?
No.
Walden.
Maybe.
Yes.
All right, all right.
Listen to me.
Alcohol is just a bandage
for your problems.
And I know this
because I used to live
with the Mummy.
Uh... come on.
We, uh... we got to get
your mind off of her.
Let's, uh...
let's watch some TV.
Bridget and I
used to watch TV.
That's the spirit.
Okay, let's see
what's on.
Oh.
Cinnamon's Buns.
"A medieval wench
falls for a bawdy baker.
Adult. 1992."
Ooh, a selection
from the classic era
of soft-core cable porn.
Or what I like to call
the winter bush years.
I haven't watched much
porn since college.
Yeah, me, neither.
When I see it now, I just
feel bad for the girls.
Yeah, yeah,
somebody's daughter. Shh.
Are you ready to learn my craft?
Of course, Master Baker.
I am entirely in your hands.
This is not
historically accurate.
Medieval bakers did not
dress like Chef Boyardee.
Don't need the DVD
commentary here.
Sorry.
Now, Cinnamon,
take my frosting bag.
It's so big.
I can barely get
my hand around it.
Use both hands, m'lady.
It's well written.
Like this?
Now, squeeze,
and anoint thy muffins
with my frosting.
Boy, she looks
familiar.
Yeah, she does.
If I wasn't here,
would you be masturbating?
You kidding? I'd be done
and fixing a sandwich.
Master Baker,
whatever are you doing?
I'm going to put my
loaf in your oven.
That's clever.
I don't know.
She looks like a younger version
of your girlfriend.
Lyndsey?
Uh-huh.
Oh, nah.
Oh, oh, you're so masterful!
Kind of sounds like her, too.
Maybe.
Although I can't say
I've ever heard Lyndsey
use that particular phrase.
Don't stop! I can't get enough!
Or that one.
Maybe if I heard her say,
"Damn it, get off my hair."
I don't know, Alan.
I think that's
your girlfriend.
No, no.
Yes! Yes!
No. No.
Oh, God! Oh, God!
Oh, God!
Boy, she's not
very convincing.
It is Lyndsey.
Okay, I'm going to go
upstairs and masturbate.
Wait, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're... you're
going to go
pleasure yourself while you're
thinking about my girlfriend?
No, that'd be creepy.
I'm going to go pleasure myself
while I'm thinking
about my wife.
Wait. Your... your wife?
Seriously?
Yeah, what can I say?
I love Bridget,
and I think she's the sexiest
woman in the whole world.
Uh, you never fantasize
about anybody else?
Mmm, sometimes I imagine
she's twins.
Boo-ya!
I never even thought of my wife
when I was actually
having sex with my wife.
Oh, Master Baker!
Boy, she never let me
do that to her.
Until now.
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Men, men, manly men, men, men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Men, men, men, manly men ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh,
ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh... ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men, men ♪
♪ Ah. ♪
♪ Men. ♪
♪ Two and a Half Men 9x05 ♪
A Giant Cat Holding a Churro
Original Air Date on October 17, 2011
♪ Men. ♪
How's your day
looking? Busy?
Yeah. Busy.
Look, I'm sorry
about last night.
It's okay.
I did offer this morning.
Can't expect me to turn on
like a light switch
whenever the whim strikes you.
I'm not just a piece of meat,
you know.
You're kidding, right?
In the entire time
I've known you,
you've never once passed up
an opportunity for sex.
So as not to hurt your feelings,
sometimes my mouth says, "Yes,"
when my soul is screaming, "No""
Oh, please!
I can't even bend over
to take off my shoes
without you trying to mount me.
Hey, hey, that was an accident.
I was trying to walk and text.
You were texting,
"Here comes Mr. Pokey."
Morning.
We'll talk later.
About Mr. Pokey?
I was speaking to Lyndsey.
Sounds like a short
conversation.
I should have my own talk show.
Okay.
I've got to get to work.
I'll call you later?
If you want.
Bye, Berta.
You're an attractive woman.
You don't have to settle.
I mean, bye!
So, trouble in paradise?
Why on Earth do you think
I would share my problems
with you?
Oh, come on.
I may tease you now and then,
but that doesn't mean
that I don't care about you
as a human being.
All right.
What do you do when you're in
a relationship with someone
and, you know,
like all
relationships, it...
it has its ups
and downs, but...
generally, things are
going pretty good
until one day you discover
that they are not at all
who you thought they were?
And you don't know whether
to confront them about it or...
or pretend you don't know,
because the idea of being alone
is worse
than being with someone
who's deceived you.
Berta?
Hello?
Turns out I don't care.
Morning.
Hey, I was thinking
about your girlfriend's
porno movie.
Me, too. What about it?
I want to learn to bake.
What?
I think it'd be fun.
You know, cookies and cupcakes,
pie, bread.
That's what you took
from watching two people
get it on
in a 16th century kitchen?
Well, I already know
how to have sex.
How do you make
buttermilk biscuits?
There's a mystery.
♪ Men. ♪
Hey.
We need to talk.
Is everything okay?
Not really. Can I come in?
Sure.
What's going on?
Okay, I don't know
how to say this
except just to say it.
Oh, God, are
you still upset
about not getting
laid last night?
I'm still upset about not
getting laid in high school.
But that's not what
I want to talk about.
Um, last night,
after you went to sleep,
I turned on the TV
and stumbled on
a little motion picture
you appeared in.
You saw Cinnamon's Buns.
I saw Cinnamon's buns.
I saw Cinnamon's boobs.
I saw the little birthmark
on the inside
of Cinnamon's thigh.
Oh, God.
I mean, one minute
I-I'm dating
a soccer mom
from Sherman Oaks,
and the next minute
a porn star on Cinemax.
I'm not a porn star.
It was a little nudity.
And simulated sex.
Most of it.
Mo-most of it?
It was 20 years
ago, Alan.
I-I was young, stupid
and needed the money.
Well, why didn't you
tell me about it?
Oh, yeah, right.
Who wouldn't be
looking forward to
this conversation?
Well, I... I just feel
like such an idiot.
You feel like an idiot?
That casting director said he
could get me on Melrose Place.
I'm sorry.
I should have told you.
Any other secrets
you'd like to share with me?
Wait a second.
That's a two-way street.
Do you have any secrets
you want to tell me?
Me? I'm an open book.
Great. Chapter one.
What have you done
that you're ashamed of
and don't want anyone
to know about?
All right.
Um... when I was a little boy,
um, we had a dog
named Rusty,
um, who loved
peanut butter,
and, uh,
my brother, uh,
convinced me
that the best way
to feed him, uh,
was to, uh, uh, smear it
on my testicles.
Um...
No surprise, that dog
got very, very fat.
Um...
♪ Men. ♪
So, long story short,
I kissed the guy.
Because, you know,
how else would I know
whether or not I was gay?
What did you decide?
Well, I may love
Broadway musicals
and have an eye for fashion,
but that's where it stops.
Okay.
Let's recap the highlights.
You embezzled money
from your family,
you cheated on me
with an old girlfriend,
- Mm-hmm.
- you might be the father
of Judith and
Herb's baby,
you didn't tell
your late brother that the woman
he was chasing
was married to a mannequin
because she gave you $50,000
to keep it a secret.
And to top
it all off,
you gave the family dog
type 2 diabetes.
Oh, wait, one more thing.
Those diamond earrings I got you
for your birthday last year...
Let me guess.
They're not real.
Oh, no, they're real.
Uh, it's just, I kind of
stole them from my ex-wife.
You know, it really feels good
to get all this off my chest.
Okay, now your turn.
Probably shouldn't
have gone first.
♪ Men. ♪
I'm so glad I learned to bake.
I'm so glad I'm baked.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Oh... I'm baking brownies
and Berta is making my head
into a dreamcatcher.
I'm guessing
it was Berta's recipe.
It was!
But I did the baking, because
I am a master baker now.
That was funny.
You should be a guest
on my talk show.
I'm in.
Well, I have done something
incredibly stupid.
Whatever you do,
don't say "what?"
What?
Lyndsey and I split up.
Oh, no. What happened?
Well, I made the mistake
of thinking
honesty is the best policy.
It is a good policy.
You know, another
good policy?
Give a hoot, don't pollute.
Zippy, the only time
in this world
you want to be
completely honest
is when the paramedics ask,
"What did you take?"
Two brownies
and a peach Snapple.
Snapple.
Okay.
Well, it's been real nice
talking at the two of you.
Where you going?
Uh, I need a little time
to be alone.
Okay.
G'bye-bye!
Man, it is hard when the person
you love doesn't love you back.
You don't have
to love me.
What?
You heard me,
Mr. Master Baker.
♪ Men. ♪
Hi, Lyndsey.
Uh, it's me again.
Um, you don't
have to call me back,
but I just want you to know
that the only reason
that I was so honest with you
is because I care about you
and I trust you.
And a lot of those things
I've never told anybody,
and I'd appreciate it
if you didn't, either.
Um...
Especially the peanut butter
and the dog.
I got enough problems
without the ASPCA on my ass.
Um, anyway, I-I love you
and I miss you,
and I'm-I'm sorry
I made such a big deal
about your film career.
And for what it's worth,
um, I got a really big kick out
of seeing your original breasts.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Oh, she's gonna take
that last part wrong.
Hey, Alan, come
here quick!
Hurry!
Oh, what fresh hell is this?
Surprise!
What's... what's going on?
It's a party to cheer you up.
Hey, Alan, say hello to
the Malibu College
beach volleyball team.
Hi!
Hello.
Here, Alan, have a brownie.
They're mmm-mmm good.
Gee, Walden,
I really appreciate this,
but it's a little soon
for me to be partying.
I'm still hurting over Lyndsey.
But what am I gonna do with
all these incredibly hot girls
in bikinis
that are in the process
of getting stoned
out of their minds?
You're right,
I'm being thoughtless.
Alan's here!
♪ Men. ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Do I look delicious?
'Cause I feel delicious.
Hey, Zip, I'm home.
Where you been?
Not a clue.
Whoa, I just saw a giant cat
holding a churro.
If that's a giant mouse,
he's in big trouble.
Hey, it's Cinnamon!
Oh, God, you saw it, too?
Yeah, just a little.
Then I went upstairs
to masturbate.
Terrific.
Is Alan here?
Um...
I don't think so.
Let me check.
You said Alan, right?
Right.
Hold on.
All right, all right.
Ladies, have you
got your spoons?
Well, get rid of them.
We are eating freestyle!
Uh, excuse me.
Wait. Hey. Whoa!
Hey, what are
you doing?
You'll thank me later.
I can fly!
Oh!
No, I can't.
You said Alan, right?
Right.
He's not here.
Are you having some sort
of a party in there?
Oh, no, it's just a bunch
of stoned girls dancing.
G'bye-bye!
Works better with an oven mitt.
Walden!
Oh, hey, Alan.
You look ucky.
Was that Lyndsey?
Yeah. I told her
you were not here.
I was not here because
you threw me off the deck.
No, I threw you off the deck
so you would not be here.
Wouldn't it have been easier
to just skip the throwing
and tell her I'm not here?
Next time.
Oh! Hey.
Great news,
we got a cat.
♪ Men. ♪
So I thought about
it, and I decided
that I really can't fault
you for opening up to me.
I mean, every good relationship
has got to be based on honesty.
Well, I'm glad
you feel that way.
By the way, where were you
when I came over to the house?
Well... honesty, right?
Right.
I'm such a schmuck!
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org